# hello-world

Today marks the beginning of my journey to becoming a software programmer. I have always had an interest in software development even
though I might not have known exactly what it was growing up. Being an avid gamer the curiousity to learn how it works has always been 
strong for me. I would say at the age of 24 (as of 2018 I am 30 years old) I decided to go to college for Computer Animation. Honestly, 
this was probably one of my biggest mistakes thus far. Everything happens for a reason though, and this was an experience that would 
change my life for the better. After failing an advanced art class multiple times, it had become apparent to me that this wasn't the route
for me. So I went through life the next 6 years the best way I could. Four of these years I was unemployeed and supported by the friends
that I was living with. Living with them and the experiences there is another story all in itself which I will not dive into at this time.
My time there was spent and I needed to come back home due to an unfortunate circumstance. My grandmother had passed and I felt that being
home was the best thing for me at this point in my life. So, upon moving back home I got a job working fast food. Now, up until this point 
in my life, all I have known is working in various resturaunts and fast food chains. Fast food doesn't take a lot of brain power to 
perform. You go into work, make the same food all day for grumpy customers who think you are a degenerate that wont make anything out of 
themselves in their life. I hate to say this but this sure seems how people view me and those I work with on a daily basis. Something just
had to change and then the decision was made. I could no longer feel the complete hatred I had working fast food and had to take a step 
into bettering myself and start a path towards a career I could be passionate about. I started attending an online college, Independence 
University, enrolled in the bachelors program for software and mobile applications development. Let me say this journey isn't easy. Having
to balance my full time job with my classes, my personal life thrown into the mix as well, its rough. I just tell myself that all of this 
hard work will pay off and I will have a better future because of it. Not only to I do the work that it required of me through my classes 
but I also do work outside of that through youtube tutorials, free code camp tutorials and will eventually begin on side projects of my 
own to really hone in my coding skills. I want to be the best I can possibly be and this is the only way possible for me. One side project 
of mine right now is that I am making a personal website to track my journey to becomeing a software developer. From the very early days 
so I can see where I came from to where I am at any given point in this journey. 
